README.md, before:

# MyQuanXProfile
A simple QuanX profile. Derived from ConnersHua Profile. Iconset link is from ~~zealson~~ koolson.

Crossutility QuantumultX Github:
https://github.com/crossutility/Quantumult-X

ConnersHua QuantumultX Profile Github:
https://github.com/ConnersHua/Profiles/tree/master/Quantumult/X

~~Zealson Iconset Reference Github:~~
~~https://github.com/zealson/Zure~~

Koolson Iconset Reference Github:
https://github.com/Koolson/Qure

Raw link address:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LeafNg/MyQuanXProfile/master/myconfig.conf

[filter_remote] of this configure is

> 1. Unbreak
> 2. Advertising
> 3. Hijacking
> 4. Speedtest
> 5. Telegram
> 6. ForeignMedia
> 7. DomesticMedia
> 8. Apple
> 9. Global
> 10. China

If you want to unlock the netease music, you may need this list:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LeafNg/MyQuanXProfile/master/NeteaseMusicUnlock.list

Icon image URL from Qure:

img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Koolson/Qure/master/IconSet/Netease_Music_Unlock.png




![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LeafNg/MyQuanXProfile/master/Screenshot.JPEG)

Commit message:

edit config and readme,delete deprecated files

README.md, after:

# MyQuanXProfile
A simple QuanX profile. Derived from ConnersHua Profile. Iconset link is from ~~zealson~~ koolson.

Crossutility QuantumultX Github:
https://github.com/crossutility/Quantumult-X

~~ConnersHua QuantumultX Profile Github:~~
~~https://github.com/ConnersHua/Profiles/tree/master/Quantumult/X~~

DivineEngine QuantumultX Profile Github:https://github.com/DivineEngine/Profiles/tree/master/Quantumult

~~Zealson Iconset Reference Github:~~
~~https://github.com/zealson/Zure~~

Koolson Iconset Reference Github:
https://github.com/Koolson/Qure

Raw link address:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gosentetsu/MyQuanXProfile/master/config.conf

[filter_remote] of this `config.conf` is

> 1. Unbreak
> 2. Advertising
> 3. Privacy
> 4. Hijacking
> 5. Streaming
> 6. StreamingSE
> 7. Global
> 8. China
> 9. IPlist
> 10. BlockAppleUpdate (not enabled as default)
> 11. NeteaseMusicUnlock (list from this repository)

Unlock the netease music:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gosentetsu/MyQuanXProfile/master/NeteaseMusicUnlock.list

Icon image URL from Qure:

img-url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Koolson/Qure/master/IconSet/Netease_Music_Unlock.png




![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LeafNg/MyQuanXProfile/master/Screenshot.JPEG)
